# Playwright-Project

This is a Web-Automation project based on Playwright automation framework. Please note the below small pointers:
- By default, the report is generated in the html format.
- In order to generate allure reports, please make sure that allure is installed locally in the machine and PATH variables are set and follow the steps mentioned in the "Generation of Allure Reports" of the readme. 
- By default, all the test cases run in a headless manner.

**Pre-requisites for running the project:**
- Node has to be installed. Preferred version is (v 16.13.1 or higher). Please check [https://nodejs.org/en/download/](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) for details

**Please take note of the below commands in order to run the project (Execution Section):**
- `npm install` -> Sets up the project
- `npx playwright install` -> Installs the dependencies and sets up the project locally
- `npx playwright test` -> Runs all the test cases in the test suite and generates the test report (same tests will be executed in chrome, firefox and safari)
- `npx playwright test` --headed -> Runs all the cases in a headed manner
- `npx playwright test` --project=***  -> Runs the tests in a specific browser only which are given below:
    - chromium : Runs the tests in chrome
    - firefox : Runs the tests in firefox
    - webkit : Runs the tests in safari
- `npm run lint` -> Runs the check on the coding standards on the test files

**Generation of Allure Reports:**
- npx playwright test --reporter=line,allure-playwright -> Runs all the tests and generates the Allure Reports in the line format
- allure generate ./allure-results --clean -> Generates the allure reports in html format
- allure open allure-report -> Open allure Reports locally

**Generation of HTML Reports:**
- HTML reports are generated by default.
- They are automatically opened once there are any errors. 
- They can be triggered by typing `npx playwright show-report` after an execution

**Common Troubleshooting**
If project is executed behind a company's laptop and there is a firewall, you may get an issue with `npm install` regarding ssl certificate issue. Please check the below step in order to resolve that:

`npm config set cafile /usr/local/etc/openssl/cert.pem`
In case your certificate is not in the above location (
➜  certs cat /usr/local/etc/openssl/cert.pem
cat: /usr/local/etc/openssl/cert.pem: No such file or directory
), please use: npm config set cafile  /etc/ssl/cert.pem
You can verify that the file exists too:
➜  certs tail -n 2  /etc/ssl/cert.pem
***